Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to create uh
walls, realistic walls like this fences
for our levels and add mountains
uh right here as you can see. And this
third part of our environment artist
course you can see the previous part to
show how things works and come here to
continue the work. Okay, let's go.
Uh okay guys in this tutorial want to
create this uh fence as you can see
and these walls okay around this. Okay,
let's go. Let's create those. And this
mountain will import a mountain like
this
from the Fab Marketplace. And let's
Okay, first thing first. Let's go here.
Okay. And the previous part, we want to
stop it right here. You can watch the
previous part. You can see how
I create those
water, this ground, and this uh tunnel.
Okay. Now let's create other things.
Well, let's return here.
You can download this one
uh this military fence gate the project
files.
Okay, first of all let's uh
now let's go here and open our fans.
Okay,
you have to merge those files using the
FPX uh the blender. Open the blender
and import the FX file.
Okay, general right here. Delete those
by pressing delete
here file. Import
on FX file. Go to desktop military fans.
Uh this one.
Okay, there is two fences.
Okay, I want to use one of the
let's see it's okay. Fine.
Second one. I want to delete this.
Pressing delete.
Okay. Now make sure you are in the
object mode like this and press Z to go
here to the wireframe mode. After doing
this, select all of those files by
pressing this cursor. Bless the method
button and the mouse. Okay. Fine.
While this all objects are selected.
Okay. Now let's join them in one object.
Go here to join. Ctrl G or press join.
Okay. Now it's a single uh file
one I join them. Okay. Let's move it by
pressing here. Fine.
Uh okay. After joining them let's see
what I want to do.
Nothing.
Uh now let's go here a file
export
as refx file.
Okay
object
only.
Okay, return to right here. And let's go
here to this animation is and I take
this one. [snorts]
Go here and export it.
That's limit.
And let's see it's single file or not.
Save. Okay.
Okay, the fans is imported successfully
on the desktop in this file. Uh now
let's return here to the engine.
Now let's go here to content drawer.
Select the character as a reference. I'm
going to choose this character, my main
character
for the project. Uh make the character
right here.
after that and let's create phone
modu
set the color.
Let's set this color.
Go right here.
Uh return to here. Select the desktop
and drag this part right here.
After dragging this file, let's hit
import. This is my first. This is the
fence.
Okay. Now, let's add our fence right
here.
Press R. Scale it up. Okay. F.
Press E.
Rotate it 90°.
Okay. And let's go here to
I think it will make it five.
Okay,
I think it's fine.
Okay, now let's uh duplicate this fence.
Press alt
alt and press
right here. Duplicate it
another time.
Another time.
Okay, let's return to the game.
And let's see.
Uh, okay.
What's it problem? The game is stop. But
okay, it works.
Okay. Now, let's make this fence and
let's drag this mountain
uh right here and this wall. Okay,
we have this.
Okay,
let's continue.
Press Alt
and duplicate it all the way.
Make this
by pressing R. You can duplicate as you
want.
Okay, I think it's a fine.
Now we have to create this one.
A simple file.
Okay. To do that, we have to download
this fence from the fab place. Search
for fence.
This is easy for this fans. You can
download it here. This one is for free
and up our project for me.
Okay. Let me the content
link fans
static mesh and drag this static mesh in
this uh place.
Drag it right here. Now it's fine.
Uh now let's create this uh wall.
This wall.
Okay. How to do that? We have to go here
to the mod make tool
and select all.
You create this one
and
let's select all to duplicate.
Press E to extrude it. I want to extrude
4 m 100 by one.
Okay, this 4 m is fine.
accept.
Select this one and make it
here
and I get right here.
Okay, fine.
This is first one
brush. I'll set
this one.
What?
And let's complete this part
later on killed
except
okay this one is made
here on
now able to deplicate this one. disarmed
and drag it right here in this place.
Okay.
Now let's return right here.
Okay. To select this ground
is select and mod tool. It makes broker.
You have to select all and use the
modeling to go to create the same things
through it
but except
okay fine
stage successful.
Uh now let's save this one. Select and
go here. Browse. I said sit
material out to our world and we have to
use the same
return to selection.
Select both of them
and I have here in number zero.
Go here. Calm down.
I guess count surfaces
up here. Damage it a little smaller.
One change this one click right here and
one click right here.
Let's see.
Okay, there's a problem with the one.
Let's
right here
right here. We have problem with piling.
Let's add the map here. The second one
to make this.
Okay.
Uh, select all of those wallets.
And let's fill here.
Double click right here.
And let's change the timing.
0.05.
That's okay. Now we have fixed the
problem of the tie in.
Now let's go here to the normal
then realistic
bring with
What's the problem of this? Let's fix
it. If there is anything
problem
uh okay, let's duplicate this
roy mod 0.1.
Select this and go here to the element
zero.
One click right here and one click here.
Double click here and let's change
values to fix this problem. Okay.
Okay. I think it was fine.
Okay. And now we are done with the
creating rules. This is let's complete
our fence.
Select this. Press alt. Duplicate this.
Press and hold alt.
Complete this.
Enough
seems like a wall in this place. Select
this wall. Press Alt and drag this one
right here.
Okay, let's see.
Okay, fine.
The final thing I want to do is add a
mountain.
Okay.
Save all
right here to content code F.
Search for cling
grief is good but it's not free
version.
Okay,
let's choose one.
Let's see this one.
I do my push
this one.
Okay, let's see this one
project.
Move this and return right here
into the far.
Okay, let's go.
You hit 3D Nordic
static brushes. Let's add this is to the
kid place here.
Uh let's see our character. Okay.
Okay. Let's meet again.
Press R.
I continue and drag it right here.
Press R to duplicate.
This one is fine. Let's ch
I want to
choose the second one and see.
Okay, good. Found
this. And let's
This is very small. It's
h not very small. It's here.
I don't want to use this.
What's this problem? This fire.
Then let's select the cable point tool
and let's delete. We want to lose this.
Let's duplicate this file. W Alip
make here.
Okay.
Now press key to rotate it on. Okay.
Press alt duplicate this one.
Drag it here.
Now press control select first once.
Press Alt and
drag it right here.
I'm Kate.
No, that's not another
she
surprise.
Richard the Worry leaf.
Okay, let's use those playlist.
letter
and use this
equip.
Okay, pressing alt and let's duplicate
this object.
It's time to
this.
What's this problem over this?
>> Okay,
we both
annotate it like this.
And let's let him go here.
>> Those irides are heavy.
Okay
for you is as we want for me it's a
tutorial I want to show you how things
works
Press on.
Okay. And let's see.
Okay. Save all. And let's return right
here
on the collection.
Ctrl
A. Select all of them and go here.
enable for those.
Okay, fine.
No, let's press okay button and let's
see.
Okay, we are creating mod. This is this
is tutorial. creating walls and other
things. Okay, thank you guys for
watching this all for this tutorial.